( stereo playing waltz )
( Nanbu humming along )
AND HERE'S THE TURN.
Sachio: NOW DON'T
GET CARRIED AWAY
‐ AND FALL OVER, POPS.
‐ ( Nanbu chuckles )
I'VE BEEN DANCING A LONG TIME.
I FIGURE IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO LEARN HOW TO CUT A RUG, TOO.
Sachio: HUH? CUT WHAT?!
I DON'T WANNA! LET GO!
COME ON! QUIT IT!
( Nanbu humming along )
( Sachio groans )
Nanbu: COME ON, KID.
MATCH THE TEMPO!
( Sachio groans )
GIVE IT A REST!
( music fades )
( Nanbu sighs )
HERE.
Joe: HUH?
SO WHAT'S THIS THING?
Sachio: A TICKET FROM A BET
HE LOST ON A DOG RACE.
Nanbu: IT'S A CHARM.
USE IT TO HELP AVOID
GETTING HIT BY YURI'S PUNCHES.
( Joe chuckles )
YOU BET ON A DOG
WITH A REALLY WEIRD NAME.
Sachio: WHAT'S IT MEAN, POPS?
I'VE NEVER HEARD
ANYTHING LIKE THAT BEFORE.
Nanbu: IT'S LATIN
FOR "SEIZE THE DAY."
IT MEANS YOU GOTTA LIVE
IN THE MOMENT AND APPRECIATE IT.
WE CAN PLAN AND PREPARE,
BUT THERE'S NO TELLING
WHAT'LL HAPPEN TO US TOMORROW.
WHAT WE DO HERE AND NOW
IS WHAT SETS THE COURSE.
YOU KNOW?
( Sachio sighs )
( announcement beeps )
Staff: TWENTY MINUTES
UNTIL THE MATCH BEGINS.
‐ Nanbu: IT'S TIME.
‐ Staff: FIGHTERS,
‐ PLEASE PROCEED TO YOUR GATE.
‐ Nanbu: YOU READY, JOE?
Joe: YEAH.
SACHIO, LET'S MOVE IT.
Sachio: YEAH! RIGHT! I'M COMING!
Joe: ANYTIME...
WHAT'S WITH
ALL THE SCURRYING AROUND?
WHAT WERE YOU DOING?
( Sachio chuckles )
OH, NOTHING.
Joe: WHAT IS THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
Sachio: SERIOUSLY, IT'S NOTHING!
LET'S GET A MOVE ON!
♪
( singing in Japanese )
( crowd cheering )
Announcer:
I‐I CAN'T QUITE BELIEVE
WHAT WE'RE SEEING HERE, FOLKS.
Commentator:
THIS IS UNPRECEDENTED.
THE BATTLE TO DETERMINE
THE STRONGEST MEGALO‐BOXER,
THE MEGALONIA CHAMPIONSHIP,
NO ONE EXPECTED IT
TO TURN OUT LIKE THIS.
Joe: SO HOW DOES IT FEEL
TO BE GEARLESS?
Yuri: I THINK I MIGHT UNDERSTAND
WHAT YOU WERE TELLING ME BEFORE.
Announcer: I STILL
DON'T BELIEVE MY EYES!
A PAIR OF GEARLESS BOXERS
STAND IN THE RING WHERE
THE TOP FIGHTER WILL BE CROWNED.
Sachio: POPS, IT'S‐‐
ALL OVER YURI'S BODY...
THE PLACES
WHERE THE GEAR USED TO BE
LOOK LIKE THEY WERE
TORN UP BY GIANT CLAWS.
Nanbu: SO A PAIR OF
SCARRED‐UP ANIMALS FACING OFF.
THE KID COULDN'T HAVE ASKED
FOR A BETTER DANCE PARTNER.
Aide: MADAM PRESIDENT,
IT'S ABOUT TO START.
( Yukiko grunts )
( crowd cheering )
( boots squeaking )
( punches whooshing )
( both panting )
( punches thumping )
Announcer: WE'RE JUST BEGINNING
THE FOURTH ROUND.
SO FAR, JOE'S BEEN
THROWING MORE PUNCHES,
BUT YURI SEEMS TO BE
CONNECTING MORE REGULARLY.
Commentator:
YOU'D THINK THE LOSS OF GEAR
MIGHT HAVE SLOWED YURI DOWN,
BUT HE'S LOOKING
BETTER THAN EVER OUT THERE.
Sachio:
HE'S HITTING BACK REAL FAST
AND READING ALL OF JOE'S MOVES!
Nanbu: DON'T TENSE UP OUT THERE!
STAY LIGHT ON YOUR FEET!
Yuri: IS THIS THE PURE AND
SIMPLE FIGHT YOU WERE AFTER?
( horn blows )
( crowd cheering )
( Joe panting )
Sachio: JOE!
( Joe spits )
I'VE BEEN LETTING HIM
SET THE PACE SO FAR,
BUT IT'S ABOUT TIME
I START MY ENGINE.
Nanbu: YOU WERE
SOUNDING RESTLESS
FOR SOMEONE TAKING IT SLOW.
LOOK, THIS GUY HAS THE EDGE
OFFENSIVELY, DEFENSIVELY,
AND EVERY OTHER WAY
YOU LOOK AT IT.
HE MAY HAVE
A LOT MORE WINS UNDER HIS BELT,
BUT IN THE END,
HE'S STILL ONLY HUMAN.
SOONER OR LATER,
HE'LL SHOW AN OPENING.
DON'T MISS THAT CHANCE.
Announcer: YURI HASN'T
SAT DOWN ONCE
DURING THE BREAKS
BETWEEN ROUNDS.
HE SEEMS TO HAVE
BOTTOMLESS RESERVES OF ENERGY.
Mikio: YOU'VE GOT IT BACKWARDS.
AFTER THE PAIN AND LOSS
OF STAMINA FROM THE SURGERY,
IF HE SITS,
HE WON'T BE ABLE TO STAND,
SO HE'S STAYING ON HIS FEET.
( dog whimpers )
Mikio: THIS WAS HIS CALL.
LET'S SEE HOW IT PLAYS OUT.
( crowd cheering )
Yuri THAT'S IT. GIVE ME MORE!
Sachio: JOE!
Aragaki: YOU NEED
TO WEAVE PAST AND GRAB HIM!
Sachio: POPS,
YURI PULLED HIS LEFT BACK.
Miyagi: DID HE JUST SWITCH?
Announcer:
THAT'S THE CHAMPION FOR YOU!
BY SWITCHING
FROM ORTHODOX TO SOUTHPAW,
HE'S MANAGED TO AVOID DISASTER!
( Joe gasps )
( crowd cheering )
Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Sachio: JOE!
Nanbu: JOE CAN'T READ HIM.
HE CAN'T SENSE THE TIMING
OF WHEN YURI SWITCHES UP.
Computer: 5, 6...
‐ 7...
‐ Nanbu: JOE!
( Sachio gasps )
( Joe chuckles )
NOT KNOWING WHEN TO GIVE UP
IS KINDA MY THING, YOU KNOW?
( horn blows )
Nanbu: THIS'LL BE
AN ENDURANCE CONTEST.
WHICHEVER ONE OF YOU
GIVES IN FIRST IS THE LOSER.
LIKE I SAID, HE'S ONLY HUMAN,
JUST LIKE YOU.
AS THE DAMAGE BUILDS UP,
HE'S GONNA MAKE MISTAKES
YOU WOULDN'T NORMALLY SEE.
HEY, SACHIO, HOW'S YURI DOING?
Sachio: OH! UH, DOESN'T SEEM
ANY DIFFERENT SO FAR.
( boots squeaking )
( punches thumping )
Announcer:
WE'RE IN THE SIXTH ROUND,
AND THE CHAMP'S
GOT THE ADVANTAGE.
Nanbu: LISTEN, JOE.
HE CAN SWITCH UP ALL HE WANTS,
BUT HIS FEET
ARE GONNA TELL THE STORY.
WHEN HE GOES IN FOR THE KILL,
YOU NAIL HIM WITH A COUNTER.
♪
Joe: THERE IT IS!
‐ ( thump )
‐ Referee: HE'S DOWN!
Sachio: JOE'S HURT!
Nanbu: JOE, STAY DOWN.
REST 'TIL THE COUNT'S
ALMOST DONE.
Computer: 4, 5...
6, 7...
( crowd cheering )
Yuri: GOOD.
A MAN CAN'T DANCE ON HIS OWN.
Boys: JOE!
Both: JOE!
( crowd cheering )
Nanbu: KEEP MOVING!
CIRCLE IT TO THE RIGHT!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT.
Aragaki: HE'S DOING IT.
Yabunuma: I GOTTA SAY,
THIS IS ONE HELL OF A SHOW.
Fujimaki: YOU TURNED A FRAUD
INTO THE REAL DEAL, COACH NANBU.
CHEERS, LUCKY BASTARD.
Yuri: ENOUGH PLAYING GAMES.
Joe: IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME.
( crowd cheering )
( footsteps echoing )
Yukiko: GEAR TECHNOLOGY
REPRESENTS HOPE FOR THE FUTURE.
TRADITIONALLY, THE USE
OF HEAVIER ORDNANCE IN COMBAT
REQUIRES NUMEROUS SOLDIERS
TO SUCCESSFULLY CARRY OUT,
PUTTING MULTIPLE LIVES AT RISK,
BUT BY EQUIPPING SOLDIERS
WITH THIS INTEGRATED GEAR,
MISSIONS CAN BE CARRIED OUT
BY SIGNIFICANTLY SMALLER FORCES.
AS YOU SAW
IN THE DEMONSTRATION EARLIER,
‐ THE INTEGRATED GEAR...
‐ ( officer whispering )
WAS DESIGNED
TO BE VERSATILE ENOUGH
TO WITHSTAND ANY ENVIRONMENT,
AND CAN‐‐
Officer #2: HYPOTHETICALLY...
WOULD IT BE POSSIBLE
TO ATTACH WEAPONS
DIRECTLY TO YOUR
INTEGRATED GEAR?
WOULD THE TECH COOPERATE?
I WON'T DENY THAT WHAT
YOU'RE PROPOSING IS REMARKABLE,
BUT WE HAVE COST PERFORMANCE
TO CONSIDER
WHEN MAKING SUCH A DECISION.
Yukiko: GEAR ITSELF
ISN'T A WEAPON.
FUNDAMENTALLY SPEAKING,
IT'S MEANT TO SUPPORT
ITS USER'S PERFORMANCE.
Officer #2: YET DURING THIS
PROCESS, YOU'VE BEEN SHOWING US
JUST WHAT AN EFFECTIVE
COMBAT WEAPON IT COULD BE,
YOU AND SHIRATO'S CHAMPION.
Yukiko: MEGALO‐BOXING ISN'T
MEANT TO BE A DEATH SPORT.
Officer #2:
IS THAT WHY YOU HAD HIM
REMOVE HIS GEAR
FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP?
Yukiko: NO. IT WAS NO LONGER
NECESSARY FOR HIM TO HAVE IT.
( officer #2 sighs )
Yukiko: THE SHIRATO CORPORATION
CONSIDERS GEAR
TO BE A SUPPLEMENT
TO THE HUMAN BODY.
THE DATA GAINED FROM TESTING IT
THROUGH MEGALO‐BOXING
WAS ONLY A FIRST STEP
IN ITS DEVELOPMENT.
Officer #2:
AND MILITARY APPLICATION
IS THE NEXT PHASE
OF DEVELOPMENT? IS THAT IT?
Yukiko: WE MAY HAVE CERTAIN
PHILOSOPHICAL DIFFERENCES,
BUT I BELIEVE A PARTNERSHIP
WOULD BENEFIT US BOTH.
♪
( crowd cheering )
Yuri: HMPH.
Announcer:
THE INTENSE BATTLE CONTINUES
AS ROUND SEVEN COMES TO A CLOSE.
Sachio: HERE.
Yuri: HMM?
Sachio: WE'RE FIGHTING
AS A TEAM IN OUR CORNER,
BUT YOU'RE OVER HERE
FIGHTING ON YOUR OWN.
Yuri: THAT WAS ALL MY CHOICE.
I DON'T NEED ANY HELP.
Sachio: LOOK,
I'M NOT HELPING YOU.
I'M DOING IT, BECAUSE I RESPECT
THAT YOU'RE FIGHTING ALONE.
PLUS, I DON'T WANNA HEAR EXCUSES
AFTER HE BEATS YOU.
Yuri: FINE. THEN I ACCEPT.
( horn blows )
( Joe growls )
♪
Yuri: I THOUGHT
YOU WERE GOING TO GO
FURTHER THAN EVER AGAINST ME!
DON'T DISAPPOINT ME, JOE!
YOU HAVEN'T GOTTEN THERE YET!
( horn blows )
Announcer: JOE SEEMS
TO HAVE SURVIVED
THE CHAMPION'S SAVAGE RUSH,
AND IT WAS A BRUTAL ONE,
BUT HE LOOKED READY
TO FALL AT ANY MOMENT.
Commentator: IT MIGHT BE BEST
TO STOP THE FIGHT.
JOE'S FOUGHT WELL ENOUGH
TO HAVE PROVEN HIMSELF ALREADY.
Sachio: JOE.
( Joe panting )
Nanbu: TELL ME WHO YOU ARE.
WHAT, DID YOU FORGET?
I WANNA KNOW YOUR NAME.
WHO ARE YOU?
IT'S YOUR NAME. YOU PICK IT.
Joe: JOE.
Nanbu: THAT'S RIGHT.
YOUR NAME IS JOE,
THE BEST MEGALO‐BOXER THERE IS.
( horn blows )
( punches thumping )
Man: ENOUGH, ALREADY!
Man #2: JUST GIVE UP,
AND LIE DOWN!
Nanbu: HOW'S HE DOING?
Sachio:
HE'S HOLDING OUT SO FAR,
BUT HE'S ON THE ROPES.
IT LOOKS LIKE
HE'S JUST DRAGGING IT OUT.
IF THIS KEEPS UP...
Nanbu: LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
EVER SEEN
THAT BASTARD BACK DOWN?
Sachio: OF COURSE NOT,
BUT, STILL...
Nanbu: BUT NOTHING.
THERE'S NO REASON
FOR US TO LOSE OUR WAY.
THAT STUBBORN BASTARD'S
BEEN OUT THERE IN THE DARK,
AND HE NEVER STOPS
MAKING HIS WAY TOWARD THE LIGHT.
( horn blows )
Announcer: WE ARE
NOW ENTERING ROUND 13,
A FIRST
IN MEGALO‐BOXING HISTORY!
Commentator:
THE CHAMPION LOOKS LIKE HE'S
STILL MORE THAN READY TO GO,
BUT JOE HAS GOT TO BE
ON HIS LAST LEGS.
( Joe panting )
( horn blows )
THANK YOU, POPS, SACHIO.
( yells )
Announcer: BOTH FIGHTERS
HAVE BEEN SLUGGING IT OUT
SINCE THE ROUND BEGAN,
AN ASTONISHING SIGHT TO SEE
THIS DEEP INTO THE MATCH.
( both panting )
Sachio: JOE'S ON THE RIGHT,
AND YURI'S COMING FROM THE LEFT.
WAIT. NO, HE'S ON THE RIGHT,
TOOK TWO BODY SHOTS,
AND NOW, HE'S‐‐
Nanbu: STOP.
THAT'S ENOUGH, SACHIO.
DON'T TAKE YOUR EYES OFF THEM
FROM HERE ON OUT.
BURN THE SIGHT OF THEM
TOGETHER IN THE RING
INTO YOUR MEMORY FOREVER.
( Sachio sighs )
( grunts )
Nanbu: I CAN SEE IT, JOE.
IT'S LIKE THE TWO OF YOU
REALLY ARE DANCING.
Joe: YURI!
Yuri: JOE!
( all gasping )
Yuri: WE'RE LUCKY, JOE,
TRULY LUCKY
TO HAVE FOUND ONE ANOTHER.
( wind blowing )
( Joe sighs )
( crowd roaring )
( Yuri chuckles )
THIS IS IT, JOE.
Joe: YEAH.
"WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING?"
I'LL TELL YOU.
( Yuri growls )
( Joe growls )
I'M HERE.
I'M IN THE MOMENT
I'VE LIVED FOR.
Officer #3:
QUITE AN INTIMIDATING WOMAN.
WHEN SHE HEARD THE NEWS
ABOUT THE MATCH,
SHE DIDN'T SO MUCH AS BLINK.
Officer #4: IT SEEMS
MEGALONIA AND THE CHAMPION
WERE BOTH TOOLS
FOR HER BUSINESS.
ONCE THEIR VALUE WAS GONE,
SHE LOST INTEREST.
Officer #5: WHICH MAKES
THE RESULT EVEN MORE TRAGIC.
( Yukiko gasps )
( no audible dialogue )
( soft sob )
( wheels rattling )
Yuri: WHETHER YOU
WIELD THE REINS OF POWER
BENEATH A WEIGHTY CROWN
OR ARE
THE MOST DESTITUTE OF PAUPERS,
NO MAN ESCAPES DEATH.
BUT IF YOU LIVE LIFE
SO THAT, WHEN IT COMES,
YOU'RE SATISFIED,
EVEN IF IT'S NOT
THE END YOU'D HOPED FOR,
YOU'LL HAVE NO CAUSE
TO FEAR MORTALITY.
( waves lapping )
Nanbu: WELL, I'D LIKE
TO TAKE A MOMENT
TO THANK EVERYONE FOR MAKING
THE TIME TO COME BY TODAY.
THE FACT THAT WE'VE
REACHED A POINT
WHERE WE'RE ABLE TO HOLD SUCH
A CELEBRATION IS A BLESSING,
NOTHING SHORT OF A MIRACLE
DELIVERED TO US
FROM THE HEAVENS ON HIGH.
AND WITH THAT, DEAR FRIENDS,
I'D LIKE TO BRING
MY OPENING REMARKS TO A CLOSE.
THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH
FOR YOUR TIME.
Santa: NICE SPEECH, CHIEF!
‐ Nanbu: HMM?
‐ ( boys laughing )
Oicho: WHAT ARE YOU PRACTICING
IN SECRET FOR, POPS?
Bonjiri:
THAT'S A CARROT, NOT A MIC,
IN CASE YOU DIDN'T KNOW.
Nanbu: SHUT IT!
YOU BRATS BETTER
BE GETTING READY, TOO!
Santa: YOU GOT IT!
Oicho: BONJIRI'S EATING AGAIN!
Bonjiri: WELL, THERE'S A LOT.
( dog barks )
Sachio: GO GET IT!
( laughing )
OKAY, NOW WE RACE FOR IT.
READY?
‐ ( dog barks )
‐ Sachio: GO!
Yuri: THEY TURNED OUT WELL.
Sachio: SURE DID!
I THOUGHT IT WAS CRAZY
WHEN POPS, OF ALL PEOPLE,
SAID THAT HE WANTED
TO START A GARDEN.
HEY, STOP IT!
YOU'RE NOT DRY YET.
AWW, MAN!
POPS INVITED YOU.
HE WAS HOPING YOU'D
COME BY THE PARTY TONIGHT,
IF YOU WANT TO, THAT IS.
DID I TELL YOU?
MISS YUKIKO CAME BY
THE OTHER DAY
TO CONGRATULATE US.
SHE LEFT RIGHT AWAY, THOUGH,
BEING SO BUSY AND ALL.
SHE SEEMED GOOD.
Yuri: I SEE.
HAS IT REALLY
BEEN A YEAR ALREADY?
Announcer:
IN THE YEAR SINCE MEGALONIA,
SHIRATO SEEMED
TO HAVE DISTANCED ITSELF
FROM ITS BUSINESS
AS A PROMOTER, BUT LAST NIGHT,
IN AN INTERESTING TURN
OF EVENTS,
PRESIDENT SHIRATO HERSELF
ANNOUNCED PLANS FOR
A SECOND MEGALONIA TOURNAMENT.
AS WE ALL KNOW,
THE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLE
HAS BEEN VACANT IN THE YEAR
SINCE THE FINALS,
‐ BUT WITH THE NEWS OF THIS...
‐ ( Abuhachi chuckles )
SO YOU'RE FINALLY ABLE
TO KEEP HER RUNNING ON YOUR OWN?
Joe: MORE OR LESS.
SORRY FOR THE RUSH JOB.
Abuhachi: HELL, I DON'T MIND.
THINK OF IT AS A GIFT.
( Joe laughs )
THEY'RE GONNA BE REAL HAPPY.
THEY WON'T SHUT UP
ABOUT GETTING IN THE RING
AS SOON AS THEY CAN.
Abuhachi: HMM.
AND WHAT ABOUT YOU?
ARE YOU DONE WITH THE RING?
( Joe sighs )
YOU REMEMBER
WHAT YOU SAID TO ME?
ABOUT BELIEVING IN THE PART
OF YOU THAT BELIEVES
AND HOW LIVING LIKE THAT
WASN'T SO BAD?
Abuhachi: YEAH. BUT I
ALSO REMEMBER SAYING,
"REAL BOXERS ARE PROBABLY
GUYS JUST LIKE YOU,"
AND I WAS RIGHT.
( Joe chuckles )
WE WON AS A TEAM.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE FUTURE'S GONNA BE LIKE,
BUT FOR NOW, I JUST
THOUGHT I'D PASS THAT ON.
ALL RIGHT, SEE YOU LATER.
Abuhachi: TAKE CARE.
TODAY'S GONNA BE
ANOTHER HOT ONE.
( wind blowing )
( waltz playing )
( Joe grunting )
( laughs )
WHOA!
( laughing )
WHOA. ( laughs )
GUESS I CAN DO THIS, AFTER ALL.
( laughs )
( humming along )
WHOA, WHOA.
( laughs )
( resumes humming )
♪
( overlapping chatter )
Men: CHEERS!
Miyagi: THAT SPEECH
WAS WELL DONE.
Nanbu: NOTHING I
COULDN'T HANDLE.
‐ Oicho: LET'S GO!
‐ Aragaki: HUH?
WHO, ME?
Oicho: WE'LL SETTLE THIS
IN THE RING, PUNK!
Aragaki: OHH.
( Abuhachi sighs )
EH?
Joe: EH? ( chuckles )
( Yuri chuckles )
( no audible dialogue )
( boys laughing )
Nanbu: GET HIM NEXT.
Sachio: STAY WHERE YOU ARE, JOE!
Joe: WHOA.
HANG ON JUST A MINUTE.
♪